there is an elevator in the elevator you
press the button to the floor with no
leg behind those doors is a life
you always dreamt up
[Music]
the pilot prepare this weekend you will
be our guests
here anything and everything is possible
no service it's not everything is
possible
good evening I'm mr. Warwick let me
officially welcome you to Fantasy Island
[Music]
[Applause]
curious how this all works what if your
fantasy involves a person from your life
Holograms
like to what if it's somebody who
died Tupac himself what's your fantasy
revenge on a childhood bully at the your
life is about to change
[Music]
be ready
that is really good hologram there is
only one fantasy per guest
and you must see your fantasy through
her no matter what
oh my god that's really her porch
this is not what I meant what the hell
is this place
people died here the islands twisting
what we asked
[Applause]
the word brought here to have our own
fantasies we were brought here to be a
part of something else
I'm your friend
[Music]
you